sshifflett.sdf.org
Shawn Shifflett
This page last modified on %%mtime(%c) UTC

%!target  : html
%!options : --encoding=iso-8859-1
%!style   : styles.css

==== About ====

I am currently employed as a PCI / PA QSA. I have worked in information security for twenty years. I am an advocate of FOSS, cryptography, privacy, minimalist computing environments, and OpenBSD.

==== Email ====

I strongly prefer plaintext emails. If you send me a HTML-formatted message I will still view it as plain text, and that may cause me to miss details specific to HTML formatting. I can be contacted at the following email address:

sshifflett <at> sdf <dot> org

Please note that I use a 3rd party email service provider. The admins of the service provider are able to read all my incoming and outgoing mail. This is by definition how email infrastructures work, and it is irrelevant whether TLS or other encryption is used between email clients and corresponding email servers. Please consider using public key encryption to secure our communication. Using my public key allows you to at least gain a reasonable level of assurance that my message originates from me, and has not been modified en route. Please feel free to exchange keys with me to allow for message encryption.

My public key is below, and you may download it [here http://sshifflett.sdf.org/content/sshifflett_pubkey.txt]:

```
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: GnuPG v1
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=vv/S
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
```

To be absolutely certain that a key is mine you will need to authenticate it using my GPG fingerprint that is below or downloaded [here http://sshifflett.sdf.org/content/sshifflett_fprint.txt]:

```
pub   2048R/07FC6503 2016-08-05
      Key fingerprint = 757B 85AB BC57 B0ED E33B  193A 611F A2F3 07FC 6503
uid                  Shawn Shifflett <sshifflett@sdf.org>
sub   2048R/C36DA9E7 2016-08-05
```

==== Locations ====

I can be found on [GitHub https://github.com/shawnshifflett], [Twitter https://twitter.com/shawnshiff], [Mastodon https://mastodon.sdf.org/@SShifflett], and on irc.freenode.org in #sshifflett, #openbsd, #openbsd-daily, or #ratpoison.

==== Personal Software ====

My personal preference for desktop software is [OpenBSD 6.1 http://openbsd.org] running the [Ratpoison http://nongnu.org/ratpoison/] window manager with the [CWM http://man.openbsd.org/cwm] window manager as a temporary solution for when I need a non-tiling windowed environment. I use newsfetch for reading NNTP feeds, and snownews for reading RSS feeds. I try to contain most of my computing to a terminal and the command line. 

==== Server Software ====

The software and infrastructure used to create this website are [SDF http://sdf.org], [VIM http://www.vim.org/], and [tmux https://tmux.github.io]. I do not write the html code manually. Instead I use [txt2tags http://txt2tags.org/] to generate the html using a markup language.

'''
<hr>
<nav>
  <ul>
  <li><a href="index.html">home</a></li>
  <li><a href="notes.html">notes</a></li>
</ul>
</nav>
'''
